rprcs         This script allows PRCS to operate on a remote repository
              using rsync and ssh.  Thanks to Hugo Cornelis and Kaz
              Sasayama.

prcs-synch    This script synchronizes two remote repositories
              provided they have not altered the same branches,
              supporting disconnected use.  Thanks to Jesse Glick.

visualtree    This set of scripts generates a graph to visualize a
              PRCS project using the xvcg graphing tool.  Thanks to
              Keith Owens.

pfe           This tool generates a graph of PRCS versions using Tcl.
              Thanks to John Stump.

prcsutils     Tools for listing PRCS branches, checking the
              Populate-Ignore directive, getting entries from the
              project file, running grep over a project, guessing the
              name of the current project, generating patches, and
              giving a 'cvs status' style output from PRCS.  Thanks to
              Hugo Cornelis and Austin Donnelly.

pck           The 'Patch Control Kludge' by Chris Mason.  This Perl
              utility is designed for those of you who get headaches
              working in the patch-oriented world of Linux kernel
              development.  It helps you maintain external patches in
              named sets including order dependencies, import new
              versions based on patches with minimal work (using partial
              checkout/checkin), export compound differences between
              multiple project versions, and more described in the
              pck.README file.


diff-command  An example of how to treat the arguments to the external
              PRCS_DIFF_COMMAND.

merge-command An example of how to treat the arguments to the extern
              PRCS_MERGE_COMMAND.

dos2unixdiff3 Maybe you need to merge without considering linefeed
              differences?  Use this for PRCS_MERGE_COMMAND.

prcs-clean    A perl script to remove any files not part of a PRCS
              project.

prcs-ediff    Used to invoke Emacs diff from PRCS.

prcs-emerge   Used to invoke Emacs merge from PRCS.

prcs-javadoc  Used to generate Javadocs from a PRCS project.
